Update the format used for dev-dependencies in pyproject.toml to match modern versions of Poetry. (#3141)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed the **generate-test-playbook** which failed on an unexpected keyword argument - 'console_log_threshold'.
* Fixed an issue where **prepare-content** would not properly parse the `fromVersion` and `toVersion` attributes of XSIAM-Dashbaord and XSIAM-Report content items.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** command did not fail on non-existent dependency ids of non-mandatory dependant content.

> * Fixed an issue where poetry dev dependencies in pyproject.toml is outdated for poetry > 1.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the format used for dev-dependencies in pyproject.toml to match modern versions of Poetry.
```
